[Serve][Doc] Add Ray Service CR inspection (#36313)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/production-guide/kubernetes.md

* Prepare a Kubernetes cluster
* Deploy a KubeRay operator

## RayService CR

> Once the KubeRay controller is running, you can manage your Ray Serve application by creating and updating a `RayService` custom resource (CR, here is [example](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/release-0.5/ray-operator/config/samples/ray_v1alpha1_rayservice.yaml)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the KubeRay controller is running, you can manage your Ray Serve application by creating and updating a `RayService` custom resource (CR).
Here's an [example](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/release-0.5/ray-operator/config/samples/ray_v1alpha1_rayservice.yaml)).
```

Under the `spec` section in the `RayService` CR, you can find the following fields:

> **`serviceUnhealthySecondThreshold`**: represents the threshold in seconds that defines when a service is considered unhealthy. Default is 60 seconds. When the service is unhealthy, the KubeRay Service controller will try to recreate a new cluster and deploy the application to the new cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`serviceUnhealthySecondThreshold`**: the number of seconds before an unhealthy service is marked unhealthy. Default is 60 seconds. When the service is marked unhealthy, the KubeRay Service controller creates a new cluster, deploys the Serve application to it, and then switches traffic to the new cluster.
```

Reviewer: Could you give more details on what makes a service unhealthy? E.g. at least one deployment is `UNHEALTHY`? I believe the `app_status` is also relevant here.

> **`deploymentUnhealthySecondThreshold`**: represents the threshold in seconds that defines when the ray dashboard is considered unhealthy. Default is 60 seconds. When the ray dashboard is unhealthy, the KubeRay Service controller will try to recreate a new cluster and deploy the application to the new cluster.

Reviewer: Based on [this note](https://github.com/shrekris-anyscale/kuberay/blob/af7f80b4b09a01559744ce7f0f262c94242a9be6/docs/guidance/rayservice.md?plain=1#L126), I think `deploymentUnhealthySecondThreshold` limits how long a Serve config should take to be deployed. I don't think it's about the Ray dashboard's health. Could you add more details here?

**`serveConfig`**: represents the Serve config that will be used to deploy the application. You can use the `--kubernetes-format`/`-k` flag with `serve build` to print the Serve config in a format that can be copy-pasted directly into your [Kubernetes config](serve-in-production-kubernetes). You can paste this config into the `RayService` CR.

> **`rayClusterConfig`**: Please refer to [KubeRay configuration](kuberay-config) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`rayClusterConfig`**: Please refer to [KubeRay configuration](kuberay-config) for more details. This config is identical to the `RayCluster` KubeRay config.
```

:::{tip}

> To enhance the reliability of your application, particularly when dealing with large dependencies that may require a significant amount of time to download, consider increasing the value of the `serviceUnhealthySecondThreshold` to avoid cluster restart.

Reviewer: Should they increase the value of `serviceUnhealthySecondThreshold` or `deploymentUnhealthySecondThreshold`?

Reviewer: Could you also mention that they should consider installing the dependencies directly into their container?

* Prepare a Kubernetes cluster
* Deploy a KubeRay operator

## Setting up a RayService custom resource (CR)
Once the KubeRay controller is running, manage your Ray Serve application by creating and updating a `RayService` CR ([example](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/release-0.5/ray-operator/config/samples/ray_v1alpha1_rayservice.yaml)).

Under the `spec` section in the `RayService` CR, find the following fields:

> **`serviceUnhealthySecondThreshold`**: Represents the threshold in seconds that defines when a service is considered unhealthy (application status is not HEALTHY status). The default is 60 seconds. When the service is unhealthy, the KubeRay Service controller tries to recreate a new cluster and deploy the application to the new cluster.

Reviewer: That makes sense. Is this true also while the app is first deploying?

> **`serviceUnhealthySecondThreshold`**: Represents the threshold in seconds that defines when a service is considered unhealthy (application status is not HEALTHY status). The default is 60 seconds. When the service is unhealthy, the KubeRay Service controller tries to recreate a new cluster and deploy the application to the new cluster.

Author: No. we respect DeploymentUnhealthySecondThreshold for the first deploy.

> **`serviceUnhealthySecondThreshold`**: Represents the threshold in seconds that defines when a service is considered unhealthy (application status is not HEALTHY status). The default is 60 seconds. When the service is unhealthy, the KubeRay Service controller tries to recreate a new cluster and deploy the application to the new cluster.

Reviewer 2: just for my clarification - https://github.com/ray-project/ray/issues/35948 . Is this UPDATING status relevant here?

> **`serviceUnhealthySecondThreshold`**: Represents the threshold in seconds that defines when a service is considered unhealthy (application status is not HEALTHY status). The default is 60 seconds. When the service is unhealthy, the KubeRay Service controller tries to recreate a new cluster and deploy the application to the new cluster.

Author: it is not relevant. the status here is for application status, not deployment status.

**`deploymentUnhealthySecondThreshold`**: Represents the number of seconds that the Serve application status can be unavailable before the service is considered unhealthy. The Serve application status is unavailable whenever the Ray dashboard is unavailable. The default is 60 seconds. When the service is unhealthy, the KubeRay Service controller tries to recreate a new cluster and deploy the application to the new cluster.

> **`serveConfig`**: Represents the configuration that Ray Serve uses to deploy the application. Use the `--kubernetes-format`/`-k` flag with `serve build` to print the Serve configuration and copy-paste it directly into your [Kubernetes config](serve-in-production-kubernetes) and `RayService` CR.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add serveConfigv2 here?

Author: good point.

> **`serveConfigV2`**: Represents the configuration that Ray Serve uses to deploy the application. Use the `--kubernetes-format`/`-k` flag with `serve build` to print the Serve configuration and copy-paste it directly into your [Kubernetes config](serve-in-production-kubernetes) and `RayService` CR.

Reviewer 2: the -k flag is no longer relevant for this config right?
